Thank you for downloading our software.
Take the following steps to successfully start.


Create a new java project by right clicking on an empty space in the Package Explorer. Select new -> Java Project

Give a desired project name, and click finish (Use default options, and don't create a module).

Right click on the 'src' folder in your newly created Java Project and import the file system 'src', 
	located in the folder AbaloneOther3.6, after extracting the ZIP file.
			
The tests package still shows errors since we still have to import JUnit5.	
	
Right click your newly created project, and select properties.

Go to 'java build path' in the left bar, and select 'Libraries'.
	
	Click on 'Add library'
	Select 'JUnit' 
	Click on next.
	Select 'JUnit5' as version.
	Click finish. 
	Apply and close.
	
The source folder should now contain no errors, and the code can be run.





How to connect the server and the client:


Run the Server.java class in package 'server', and give a port number like '5656'.

Run the Client.java class in the same package. Should you play on 1 machine, 
	give "localhost" as IP address, and enter the same port number specified before.

**Player input will always be typed in the Client console.**

Send the protocol handshake in the client class to the server, which is 'h;other3V1.3'

*IMPORTANT* You have to manually flush the outputstream to receive messages, hence, press the 'enter' button multiple times to receive the correct
	message from the server.

You will now receive a message from the server saying "What would you like to do?, 
	Type help for the help menu".


Send "help" to the server to read what you could do, we will also briefly discuss some points here.






How to join a lobby when you've succesfully made connection:

"j;<lobbyname>;<playername>;<teamname>" for example, "j;lobby3;peter;teamcool"

On another Client, also join the lobby with the same command (max 4 clients per lobby).
	(Hence, take the steps mentioned as before for the Client class)






How to start a game:

For a lobby of size 2 - 4, each client sends "r" to the server.
The last client to send "r" will trigger the game to start.
For a lobby of size 1, you'll play against an AI. Type "r;smart" or "r;naive", depending against which type of AI you would like to play against.




How to make a move:

When it's your turn, you can move your marbles via "m;<coordinates of marble 1>;<coordinates of marble 2>;<destination of marble 1>"
For 2 and 3 marbles: insert the front marble, and back marble.
For 1 marble: insert the same marble twice.

For example: "m;i5;g5;h5", given that your marbles are here, and can move in said direction.

Keep playing the game until one player wins or results in a draw.

Have fun!










